docs: explain app proofs and boot proofs (#669)
tkhq/docs: products/verifiable-cloud/proofs-and-verification.mdx

The Ephemeral private key never leaves the enclave by design; only the public half is exposed through the attestation document's `public_key` field and the App Proof's `publicKey` field.

The App Proof embeds the Ephemeral public key it was signed with. The Boot Proof's attestation document also pins that same Ephemeral public key (in `public_key`). A verifier links the two by matching the App Proof's public key to a valid Boot Proof's attested key; see [Verification flow](#verification-flow) below.

For example, Turnkey's address derivation App Proof signs a payload committing to a specific organization, wallet, derivation path, and derived address:

```json
{
  "scheme": "SIGNATURE_SCHEME_EPHEMERAL_KEY_P256",
  "publicKey": "ephemeral-public-key-from-the-enclave",
  "proofPayload": "{\"type\":\"APP_PROOF_TYPE_ADDRESS_DERIVATION\",\"timestampMs\":\"1758909116\",\"addressDerivationProof\":{\"organizationId\":\"your-organization-id\",\"walletId\":\"your-wallet-id\",\"derivationPath\":\"m/44'/60'/0'/0/0\",\"address\":\"0x61f4Ec0630DD50F1393cbDB60e5ccA1ed98f5100\"}}",
  "signature": "p256-sha256-signature-over-proofPayload"
}
```

> On its own, this payload does not that a particular enclave signed it; but when a verifier can match `publicKey` to a valid Boot Proof, the claim is tied back to an enclave instance and the code identified by its manifest. Your own TVC App Proofs follow the same chain even if the payload schema is specific to your application.

Reviewer: typo

Author: 02af2bb79bb37b096d4a6a0fd12b3ab18e34754a

> On its own, this proves that the QuorumOS enclave instance with the corresponding Ephemeral private key signed the address derivation claim. When the verifier matches `publicKey` to a valid Boot Proof, the claim is tied back to the attested enclave instance and the code identified by its manifest. Your own TVC App Proofs follow the same chain even if the payload schema is specific to your application.

Reviewer: I'd switch the order of app proof on its own, + boot proof to boot proof on its own, + app proof. On it's own, the app proof doesn't prove anything about quorumOs or an enclave, it just proves that _a_ key signed a payload. What the boot proof proves on its own is easier to reason about imo

Author: 18c02205d94e3c217f38eacc4f23bc3b6944d00a

## Why the Ephemeral Key and not the Quorum Key

QuorumOS enclaves already have a Quorum Key, which is the long-lived key associated with the application's identity. Why don't Turnkey App Proofs use that?

The answer is a trust boundary distinction.

> The quorum key is designed to live across many different versions of an enclave app and can not be provably exclusive to a specific enclave instance, app binary, or configuration. The Quorum Key is provisioned via the [QuorumOS quorum provisioning protocol](https://github.com/tkhq/qos/blob/main/docs/boot_standard.md): share holders verify a node's attestation document, encrypt quorum key shares to the node's Ephemeral Key, and the node reconstructs the Quorum Key once the configured threshold is met. Because the Quorum Key can be provisioned into any enclave that satisfies the provisioning protocol, a Quorum Key signature can be linked with arbitrary code that has received that key. Turnkey customers have no way to attest "this private key only exists inside this enclave" for the Quorum Key, because that statement is not true at the cryptographic layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The quorum key is designed to live across many different versions of an enclave app and can not be provably exclusive to a specific enclave instance, app binary, or configuration. The Quorum Key is provisioned via the [QuorumOS quorum provisioning protocol](https://github.com/tkhq/qos/blob/main/docs/boot_standard.md): share holders verify a node's attestation document, encrypt quorum key shares to the node's Ephemeral Key, and the node reconstructs the Quorum Key once the configured threshold is met. Because the Quorum Key can be provisioned into any enclave that satisfies the provisioning protocol, a Quorum Key signature cannot cryptographically prove the app proof payload came from the _inside_ of a _specific_ enclave.
```
reads a little more straightforward to me

Author: 02af2bb79bb37b096d4a6a0fd12b3ab18e34754a
